----- ToadallyRealGraphs Admin Tool -----
ToadallyRealGraphs is an admin tool designed for managing a BibTeX database. It provides functionality to add, update, print, and delete information from the database.

----- To Run -----
./TRGadmin.py [options]

----- Flags -----
Options:
-t, --table: Select a specific table in the database.
-a, --add: Add information to the database.
-u, --update: Update an cell in the database.
-f, --file: Specify a file to import data from.
-p, --print: Print elements from the specified table.
-d, --delete: Delete a row from the specified table.
-l, --list: Lists all tables availible for change.

----- Possible options -----
To print table contents: -p -t TABLE
To list all tables: -l
To add rows to a table: -a -f FILE
To delete rows from a table: -d -f FILE
To update cells in tables: -u -f FILE

----- Syntax -----
The tool will automatically determine which table the data is intended for based on the syntax.

Bibliography entries must be in a file exclusively for bibs; however, you can add to multiple tables 
using a single file (again excluding the bibliography table) as long as the sytnax for that entry matches the spefified tabe.

For the bibliography entries must be added in teh file as bibtex citation where each element is seperated by a new line.
This table can not contain additional "{}" besides the opening and closing ones!
There must also be exactly one blank line between each citation in the file.

For the other three tables, each new entry must be on a single line. Again, that
entry's syntax must match the specified table.

When the removing rows, any combination of tables can be modified from a single file.
Each row to be removed must be on a single line, and all tables use the same synatax.

When updating cells, any combination of tables can be modified from a single file.
Each cell change must be on a single line, and all tables use the same synatax.

Add files syntax for each table: CHECK1$BIBKEY$FORMULA
           	 		 CHECK2$BIBKEY$FORMULA$FUNCTION
	         		 SANITIZE$FORMULA

	   	  		 (bibtex example)
	   	  		 @article{BIBKEY,
	            		 	author= "author",
                    		 	title= "title",
		    		 	year="year"
           			 } 
              
2. Remove files syntax for each table: TABLE$BIBKEY

3. Update files syntax for each table: TABLE$NEW_VALUE$COLUMN$BIBKEY

